I embarrassed my wife tonight.
I knew when it happened, and I didn't want to talk about it, but I knew in my heart
that Yumi was right.
I had become unkind.
There were lots of examples.
I complained about the way one brother conducts meetings for field service.
I was jealous of a ministerial servant who received new privileges, and I was pretty
blunt, but how frustrated I get with Yumi's parents.
I thought I'd gotten rid of my old personality, but it still lurked inside of me.
Some of my friends were okay with, and even encouraged these bad qualities.
The change was so gradual, I didn't even realize how far I'd fallen.
What do you think I need to do to change?
How about we search for good for building up from the online library?
Sounds good.
Look, we considered Ephesians chapter 4, verse 29, which says,
Let a rotten word not come out of your mouth, but only what is good for building up to
impart what is beneficial to the ears.
I was struck by this powerful word picture.
Rotten words are as disgusting as rotten food.
I didn't want the things coming out of my mouth to discuss my life or anyone else.
But to change, I needed a plan.
Now I really try to think before I speak, and I have a goal to give someone real commendation
at every meeting.
I have a goal from my conversations too.
I want to keep them wholesome, true, and kind.
It's amazing how speaking kindly to others can make you feel so good inside.
I shouldn't be surprised because it's just another way of showing God's love.